"That is a canvas sheet—the most versatile object known to man. It can be used to make tents, backpacks, shoes, stretchers, sails, tarpaulins, and I suppose, in the most dire of circumstances, it can be a surface on which to make art." - Ron Swanson
"There is only one bad word: taxes." - Ron Swanson
"There's more than one crib tree in a forest. That's not a lesson, by the way, just a comment on lumber availability." - Ron Swanson
"When people get too chummy with me, I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don’t really care about them." - Ron Swanson
"I’ve cried twice in my life. Once when I was 7 and hit by a school bus. And then again when I heard that Li’l Sebastian had passed." - Ron Swanson
"Capitalism: God’s way of determining who is smart and who is poor." - Ron Swanson
"Crying: Acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon." - Ron Swanson
"Fishing relaxes me. It’s like yoga, except I still get to kill something." - Ron Swanson
"Great job, everyone. The reception will be held in each of our individual houses, alone." - Ron Swanson
"History began on July 4, 1776. Everything that happened before that was a mistake." - Ron Swanson
"Literally everything is a weapon, son. That folder, in my hands, is far deadlier than this bow of yours." - Ron Swanson
"I have a hernia. I’ve had it for a while, and I’ve been ignoring it successfully. But uh, this morning, I made the mistake of sneezing. But as long as I sit still and don’t move my head or torso, I’m good. I got this." - Ron Swanson
"(On bowling) Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating." - Ron Swanson
"(Describing his allergies) Cowardice and weak-willed men… and hazelnuts." - Ron Swanson
"Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards." - Ron Swanson
"Any dog under fifty pounds is a cat and cats are useless." - Ron Swanson
"I would rather bleed out than sit here and talk about my feelings for 10 minutes." - Ron Swanson
"Give 100%. 110% is impossible. Only idiots recommend that." - Ron Swanson
"There are only three ways to motivate people: money, fear, and hunger." - Ron Swanson
"There are three acceptable haircuts: high and tight, crew cut, buzz cut." - Ron Swanson
"Sting like a bee, but do not float like a butterfly. That’s ridiculous." - Ron Swanson
"One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn’t deserve it." - Ron Swanson
"Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing." - Ron Swanson
"I’d wish you the best of luck, but I believe luck is a concept created by the weak to explain their failures." - Ron Swanson
"Don’t start chasing applause and acclaim. That way lies madness." - Ron Swanson
"If any of you need anything at all, too bad. Deal with your problems yourselves, like adults." - Ron Swanson
"I regret nothing. The end." - Ron Swanson
"Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don’t teach a man to fish…and feed yourself. He’s a grown man. And fishing’s not that hard." - Ron Swanson
"Keep your tears in your eyes—where they belong." - Ron Swanson
"I was born ready. I’m Ron Fucking Swanson." - Ron Swanson
"Normally, if given the choice between doing something and nothing, I’d choose to do nothing. But I will do something if it helps someone else do nothing. I’d work all night if it meant nothing got done." - Ron Swanson
"Friends: one to three is sufficient." - Ron Swanson
"Fishing is for sport only. Fish meat is practically a vegetable." - Ron Swanson
"Under my tutelage, you will grow from boys to men. From men into gladiators. And from gladiators into Swansons." - Ron Swanson
"There has never been a sadness that can’t be cured by breakfast food." - Ron Swanson
"You had me at ‘Meat Tornado.’" - Ron Swanson
"Why is everyone else so bad at eating?" - Ron Swanson
"When I eat, it is the food that is scared." - Ron Swanson
"There’s only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that’s lying about being milk." - Ron Swanson
"Strippers do nothing for me… but I will take a free breakfast buffet anytime, anyplace." - Ron Swanson
"I’m a simple man. I like pretty, dark-haired women and breakfast food." - Ron Swanson
"Dear frozen yogurt, you are the celery of desserts. Be ice cream, or be nothing." - Ron Swanson
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets." - Ron Swanson
"Put some alcohol in your mouth to block with words from coming out." - Ron Swanson
"Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait … I worry what you heard was, ‘Give me a lot of bacon and eggs.’ What I said was, give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Do you understand?" - Ron Swanson
"I call this turf ‘n’ turf. It’s a 16-ounce T-bone and a 24-ounce porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American." - Ron Swanson
"If there were more food and fewer people, this would be a perfect party." - Ron Swanson
"You’ve accidentally given me the food that my food eats." - Ron Swanson
"An ideal night out, to me, is stepping onto my porch area and grilling up a thick slab of something’s flesh and then popping in a highlight reel from the WNBA." - Ron Swanson
"Barbecues should be about one thing: good shared meat." - Ron Swanson
"My first ex-wife’s name is Tammy. My second ex-wife’s name is Tammy. My Mom’s name is Tamara… she goes by Tammy." - Ron Swanson
"I’m not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes." - Ron Swanson
"On my deathbed, my final wish is to have my ex-wives rush to my side so I can use my dying breath to tell them both to go to hell one last time." - Ron Swanson
"I love being a father but there are a few things I miss: Silence. The absence of noise. One single moment undisturbed by the sounds of a children’s program called Doc McStuffins." - Ron Swanson
"That’s what she said." - Michael Scott
"I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one someday." - Michael Scott
"I’m friends with everybody in this office. We’re all best friends – I love everybody here. But sometimes your best friends start coming into work late and start having dentist appointments that aren’t dentist appointments. And that’s when it is nice to let them know that you can beat them up." - Michael Scott
"Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me." - Michael Scott
"Well, well, well, how the turntables." - Michael Scott
"No, I’m not going to tell them about the downsizing. If a patient has cancer, you don’t tell them." - Michael Scott
"So Ryan got promoted to corporate, where he is a little fish in a big pond. Whereas back here in Scranton I am still top dog, in a fairly large pond. So who is the real boss? The dog or a fish?" - Michael Scott
"It’s a good thing Russia doesn’t exist anymore." - Michael Scott
"I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious." - Michael Scott
"Tell him to call me ASAP as possible." - Michael Scott
"Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it’s not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised." - Michael Scott
"When the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you help! His father ran the freaking country! Ok?" - Michael Scott
"Webster's Dictionary defines wedding as: The fusing of two metals with a hot torch." - Michael Scott
"Yes, it is true. I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username. And I have a great one. Little Kid Lover. That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at." - Michael Scott
"I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don’t have a butler, I do it myself. So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon." - Michael Scott
"The rules of shotgun are very simple and very clear. The first person to shout ‘shotgun’ when you’re within sight of the car gets the front seat. That’s how the game’s played. There are no exceptions for someone with a concussion." - Michael Scott
"My mind is going a mile an hour." - Michael Scott
"(Talking about a CPR dummy) No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs… Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs, do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?" - Michael Scott
"When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this was before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture, of a horse, that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. I was five! Five years old. Couldn’t even talk yet." - Michael Scott
"I saved a life. My own. Am I a hero?… I really can’t say, but yes!" - Michael Scott
"Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don’t know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I’ll hit somebody with my car. So sue me." - Michael Scott
"Well, it’s love at first sight. Actually, it was… no, it was when I heard her voice. It was love at first see with my ears." - Michael Scott
"Well, happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry that your party’s so lame." - Michael Scott
"...They say when you find true love, you know within the first 24 hours. With Carol, I knew within the first 24 minutes of the second day I met her." - Michael Scott
"The most sacred thing I do is care and provide for my workers, my family. I give them money. I give them food. Not directly, but through the money." - Michael Scott
"When I discovered YouTube, I didn’t work for five days." - Michael Scott
"Now, you may look around and see two groups here. White-collar, blue-collar. But I don’t see it that way. And you know why not? Because I am collar-blind." - Michael Scott
"I had a great summer. I got West Nile virus, lost a ton of weight. Then I went back to the lake. And I stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. That got infected. Even though I peed on it." - Michael Scott
"You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?" - Michael Scott
"Friends joke with one another. ‘Hey, you’re poor.’ ‘Hey, your mama’s dead.’ That’s what friends do." - Michael Scott
"It takes you thirty seconds to brush your teeth? Wow, that’s ten times as long as it takes me." - Michael Scott
"Is there something besides ‘Mexican’ you prefer to be called? Something less offensive?" - Michael Scott
"I don’t want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who’s undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don’t think that’s too much to ask?" - Michael Scott
"It’s not that children make me uncomfortable, it’s just that, why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? I’ve never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle." - Michael Scott
"I wanna be married and have 100 kids so I can have 100 friends and no one can say ‘no’ to being my friend." - Michael Scott
"Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don’t know if you guys know about it, but, basically, you make someone think the opposite of what you believe. And that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm." - Michael Scott
"I am Michael, and I am part English, Irish, German, and Scottish… sort of a virtual United Nations." - Michael Scott
"They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you’re lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that’s crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad." - Michael Scott
"My philosophy is, basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don’t, ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or, or where you’ve been. Ever. For any reason. Whatsoever." - Michael Scott
"(Wine tasting) That has sort of an oak-y afterbirth." - Michael Scott
"Nobody likes beets, Dwight! Why don’t you grow something that everybody does like? You should grow candy." - Michael Scott
"(Giving a warning to Gabe) If you break that girl’s heart, I will kill you. That’s just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl’s heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family." - Michael Scott
"As it turns out, you can’t just check someone into rehab against their will. They have to do it voluntarily. They have to hit rock bottom. So, I think I know what I need to do at this point. I need to find ways to push Meredith to the bottom. Um. I think I can do it." - Michael Scott
"Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information." - Michael Scott
"Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that’s baloney, because grief isn’t wrong. There’s such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown." - Michael Scott
"Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order." - Michael Scott
"(After using a GPS) People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy." - Michael Scott
"I’ve got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this." - Michael Scott
"Two weeks ago, I was in the worst relationship of my life. She treated me poorly, we didn’t connect, I was miserable. Now, I am in the best relationship of my life, with the same woman. Love is a mystery." - Michael Scott
"Presents are the best way to show how much you care. It’s a tangible thing you can point at and say, ‘Hey man, I love you. This many dollars worth.’" - Michael Scott
"Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate. So he’s not really a part of our family. Also, he’s divorced, so he’s not really a part of his family." - Michael Scott
"I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up, I would definitely not go." - Michael Scott
"I’m not a millionaire. I thought I would be by the time I was 30, but I wasn’t even close. Then I thought maybe by 40, but by 40, I had less money than I did when I was 30." - Michael Scott
"It takes an advanced sense of humor. I don’t expect everyone to understand." - Michael Scott
"I’m not gonna cry over it. I did that in the car on the way home." - Michael Scott
"I don’t understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn’t even work here." - Michael Scott
"There’s no such thing as an appropriate joke. That’s why it’s called a joke." - Michael Scott
"Learn how to take off a woman's bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks." - Michael Scott
"Hi, I’m Date Mike. Nice to meet me. How do you like your eggs in the morning?" - Michael Scott
"We’re all homos. Homo… Sapiens." - Michael Scott
"The worst thing about prison was the Dementors. They were flying all over the place and they were scary and they'd come down and they'd suck the soul out of your body and it hurt!" - Michael Scott
"There were these huge bins of clothes and everybody was rifling through them like crazy. And I grabbed one and it fit! So, I don’t think that this is totally just a woman’s suit. At the very least it’s bisexual." - Michael Scott
"Granted, maybe this was not the best idea but at least we care enough about our employees that we are willing to fight for them. And if you so much as harm a hair on Stanley's head, we will burn Utica to the ground." - Michael Scott
"Abraham Lincoln once said that, ‘If you’re a racist, I will attack you with the North.’ And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace." - Michael Scott
"You all took a life here today. You did. The life of the party." - Michael Scott
"Well, apparently in the medicine community, negative means good. Which makes absolutely no sense. In the real world community, that would… be… chaos." - Michael Scott
"Close your eyes. Picture a convict. What’s he wearing? Nothing special, baseball cap on backwards, baggy pants… he says something ordinary like… ‘yo, that's shizzle.’ Okay. Now slowly open your eyes again. Who are you picturing? A black man? Wrong. That was a white woman. Surprised? Well, shame on you." - Michael Scott
"I did not go to business school. You know who else didn't go to business school? LeBron James, Tracy McGrady, Kobe Bryant. They went right from high school to the NBA." - Michael Scott
"I’m an early bird and a night owl. So I’m wise and have worms." - Michael Scott
"(On e-mail forwarding) I don’t come up with this stuff, I just forward it along. You wouldn’t arrest the guy who was just passing drugs from one guy to another." - Michael Scott
"Do I have a special someone? Well, yeah, of course. A bunch of ’em. My employees." - Michael Scott
"I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It’s every parent’s dream." - Michael Scott
"And I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do." - Michael Scott
"I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers." - Michael Scott
"Any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. Because they are un-understandable." - Michael Scott
"Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that’s always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing." - Michael Scott
"The people that you work with are, when you get down to it, your very best friends." - Michael Scott
"You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is President! You are black, Stanley!" - Michael Scott
"I’m not usually the butt of the joke. I’m usually the face of the joke." - Michael Scott
"It is St. Patrick’s Day. And here in Scranton, that is a huge deal. It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas." - Michael Scott
"Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work." - Michael Scott
"The only time I set the bar low is for limbo." - Michael Scott
"I hate it! I hate it. I don't hate it, I just don't like it. At all. And it's terrible." - Michael Scott
"I learned a while back that if I do not text 911, people do not return my calls. Um, but people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened." - Michael Scott
"You know what they say ‘Fool me once, strike one, but fool me twice… strike three.’" - Michael Scott
"I say dance, they say ‘How high?'" - Michael Scott
"I guess the attitude that I’ve tried to create here is that I’m a friend first and a boss second and probably an entertainer third." - Michael Scott
"It just seems awfully mean. But sometimes, the ends justify the mean." - Michael Scott
"(On Toby) I hate so much about the things you choose to be." - Michael Scott
"It’s never too early for ice cream." - Michael Scott
"Last week I would have given a kidney to anyone in this office. I would have reached right into my stomach and pulled it out for them. But now, no. I don’t have the relationship with these people that I thought I did. I hope they ask, so they can hear me say, 'Uh… no. I only give my organs to my real friends. Go get yourself a monkey kidney.'" - Michael Scott
"They say on your deathbed you never wish you spent more time at the office — but I will." - Michael Scott
"I know it’s illegal in Pennsylvania, but it’s for charity, and I consider myself a great philanderer." - Michael Scott
"It’s not like booze ever killed anyone." - Michael Scott
"It’s a pimple, Phyllis. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time, and she rocks harder than anyone alive." - Michael Scott
"I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?" - Michael Scott
"(Talking to Toby) That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here." - Michael Scott
"I fell in love with these kids. And I didn’t want to see them fall victim to the system. So I made ’em a promise. I told them if they graduated from high school, I would pay for their college education. I have made some empty promises in my life but, hands down, that was the most generous." - Michael Scott
"Nobody should have to go to work thinking, ‘Oh, this is the place that I might die today.’ That’s what a hospital is for. An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest. To the max. To… an office is a place where dreams come true." - Michael Scott
"They always say that it’s a mistake to hire your friends. And they are right. So, I hired my best friends. And this is what I get!?" - Michael Scott
"If you don’t like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus, or the front of the bus, or drive the bus." - Michael Scott
"Oh, this is gonna feel so good getting this thing off my chest… that’s what she said." - Michael Scott
"And I’m optimistic because every day I get a little more desperate." - Michael Scott
"It’s simply beyond words. It’s incalculable." - Michael Scott
"'You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.' - Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott"
"Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square… named for the good times you have when you’re in it." - Michael Scott
"Before I do anything I ask myself, ‘Would an idiot do that?’ And if the answer is yes, I do not do that thing." - Dwight Schrute
"Who is Justice Beaver?" - Dwight Schrute
"It’s a real shame because studies have shown that more information gets passed through water cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage because I bring my own water to work." - Dwight Schrute
"Jim told me you could buy gaydar online." - Dwight Schrute
"I never thought I’d say this, but I think I ate too much bone marrow." - Dwight Schrute
"PowerPoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat." - Dwight Schrute
"Would I ever leave this company? Look, I’m all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I’m being paid for here is my loyalty. But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly… I’m going wherever they value loyalty the most." - Dwight Schrute
"I love catching people in the act. That’s why I always whip open doors." - Dwight Schrute
"The Civil War history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of Schrute Farms. Whatever. I’m over it. It’s just grossly irresponsible." - Dwight Schrute
"Bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it." - Dwight Schrute
"It’s better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose." - Dwight Schrute
"In the end, the greatest snowball isn’t a snowball at all. It’s fear. Merry Christmas." - Dwight Schrute
"How would I describe myself? Three words: hardworking, alpha male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable." - Dwight Schrute
"I wish I could menstruate. If I could menstruate, I wouldn’t have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I’d just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus, I’d be more in tune with the moon and the tides." - Dwight Schrute
"People underestimate the power of nostalgia. Nostalgia is truly one of the greatest human weaknesses, second only to the neck." - Dwight Schrute
"Why are all these people here? There’s too many people on this earth. We need a new plague." - Dwight Schrute
"When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life." - Dwight Schrute
"Yes. I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years. Which I’m looking forward to. It’s an Amish technique. It’s like slapping someone with silence." - Dwight Schrute
"I don’t have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once, but by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor’s dog." - Dwight Schrute
"You better learn your rules. If you don’t, you’ll be eaten in your sleep." - Dwight Schrute
"Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors." - Dwight Schrute
"Michael is like Mozart, and I’m like Butch Cassidy. You mess with Mozart and you’re gonna get a bullet in your head, courtesy of Butch Cassidy." - Dwight Schrute
"My perfect Valentine’s day? I’m at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the fifty restaurant reservations I made over six months ago." - Dwight Schrute
"I’m gonna intimidate him, OK? Watch this… So anyways, she said that is the biggest penis I have ever seen, and I said I know! That’s why I brought you to the penis museum, where tickets are a thousand dollars." - Dwight Schrute
"Everyone, follow me to the shelter. We’ve got enough food for 14 days. After that, we have a difficult conversation." - Dwight Schrute
"I always wondered how they picked the person to die. I’d be good at picking the person." - Dwight Schrute
"When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered that I had adsorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No, I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby." - Dwight Schrute
"And I will travel to New Zealand. And walk the Lord of the Rings trail to Mordor." - Dwight Schrute
"When I die, I want to be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it. I will wake up stronger than ever, because I will have used that time to figure out exactly why I died. And what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in." - Dwight Schrute
"In an ideal world, I would have all 10 fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching." - Dwight Schrute
"I am better than you have ever been or ever will be." - Dwight Schrute
"I am faster than 80 percent of all snakes." - Dwight Schrute
"Always the Padawan, never the Jedi." - Dwight Schrute
"There are three things you never turn your back on: bears, men you have wronged, and a dominant male turkey during mating season." - Dwight Schrute
"All you need is love? False. The four basic human necessities are air, water, food, and shelter." - Dwight Schrute
"I am ready to face any challenge that might be foolish enough to face me." - Dwight Schrute
"You couldn’t handle my undivided attention." - Dwight Schrute
"You think you’re excited? You should feel my nipples. Boing!" - Dwight Schrute
"And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word ‘failure.’" - Dwight Schrute
"I am fast. To give you a reference point, I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… and a panther." - Dwight Schrute
"Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will." - Dwight Schrute
"I really like Andy these days. He’s pretended, and he does exactly as I tell him to. All that will change when real Andy comes back tomorrow. Unless he comes back as pretend Dwight. In which case, we’re in for an epic, confusing showdown." - Dwight Schrute
"I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat, couple of pigs watching." - Dwight Schrute
"Those who can’t farm, farm celery." - Dwight Schrute
"I saw Wedding Crashers accidentally. I bought a ticket for Grizzly Man and went into the wrong theater. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theater, but I kept waiting. ‘Cause that’s the thing about bear attacks… they come when you least expect it." - Dwight Schrute
"They say that no man is an island. False! I am an island and this island is volcanic. And it is about to erupt. With the molten hot lava of strategy!" - Dwight Schrute
"A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present." - Dwight Schrute
"And I did not become a Lackawanna County volunteer sheriff’s deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven’t." - Dwight Schrute
"In the wild, there is no healthcare. Healthcare is oh, I broke my leg! A lion comes and eats you, you’re dead. Well, I’m not dead, I’m the lion. You’re dead!" - Dwight Schrute
"Congratulations on your one cousin. I have seventy, each one better than the last!" - Dwight Schrute
"The hand that reaches from the grave to grip your throat is the strong hand you want on the wheel." - Dwight Schrute
"Women are like wolves. If you want one, you must trap it. Snare it. Tame it. Feed it." - Dwight Schrute
"Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year." - Dwight Schrute
"There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county. Probably because we’re downriver from that old bread factory." - Dwight Schrute
"I signed up for second life about a year ago. Back then, my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. Absolutely everything was the same… except I could fly." - Dwight Schrute
"Of course, martial arts training is relevant… Uh, I know about a billion Asians that would beg to differ… You know what, you can go to hell, and I will see you there. Burning!" - Dwight Schrute
"The eyes are the groin of the head." - Dwight Schrute
"D.W.I.G.H.T. Determined. Worker. Intense. Good worker. Hard worker. Terrific." - Dwight Schrute
"Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?" - Dwight Schrute
"I come from a long line of fighters. My maternal grandfather was the toughest guy I ever knew. World War II veteran killed twenty men and spent the rest of the war in an allied prison camp. My father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. Different kind of fight." - Dwight Schrute
"No, don’t call me a hero. Do you know who the real heroes are? The guys who wake up every morning and go into their normal jobs and get a distress call from the Commissioner and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime. Those are the real heroes." - Dwight Schrute
"As a volunteer Sheriff’s Deputy, I’ve been doing surveillance for years. One time I suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me, so I tailed her for six nights straight. Turns out… she was. With a couple of guys actually, so… mystery solved." - Dwight Schrute
"To avoid illness, expose yourself to germs, enabling your immune system to develop antibodies. I don’t know why everyone doesn’t do this. Maybe they have something against living forever." - Dwight Schrute
"As a farmer, I know that when an animal is sick, sometimes the right thing to do is put it out of its misery. With the electricity we are using to keep Meredith alive, we could power a small fan for two days. You tell me what’s unethical." - Dwight Schrute
"Dolphins get a lot of good publicity for the drowning swimmers they push back to shore, but what you don’t hear about is the many people they push farther out to sea! Dolphins aren’t smart. They just like pushing things." - Dwight Schrute
"Once I’m officially Regional Manager, my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So, I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable. Fictional. And overqualified." - Dwight Schrute
"Reject a woman and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also, weak arms." - Dwight Schrute
"Now that I own the building, I’m looking for new sources of revenue. And a daycare center? Muahahahahahahahaha. Well, I guess it’s not an evil idea, it’s just a regular idea, but there’s no good laugh for a regular idea." - Dwight Schrute
"Why tip someone for a job I’m capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist, because I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones." - Dwight Schrute
"Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man’s." - Dwight Schrute
"It’s never the person who you most suspect. It’s also never the person you least suspect, since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most. Therefore, I know the killer to be Phyllis. The person who I most medium suspect." - Dwight Schrute
"It’s a real shame because studies have shown that more information gets passed through water cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage because I bring my own water to work." - Dwight Schrute
"‘R’ is among the most menacing of sounds. That’s why they call it ‘murder’ and not ‘mukduk.'" - Dwight Schrute
"At first, I drove myself crazy thinking about the things I should have done differently. I never should have played that joke on Erin. I never should have hollowed out this damn pumpkin in the first place. Then I realized that I was being silly. I mean, the pumpkin should rot off of my head in a month or two. Right?" - Dwight Schrute
"Yes, I have a wig for every single person in the office. You never know when you’re gonna need to bear a passing resemblance to someone." - Dwight Schrute
"OK, see you later, Pan." - Dwight Schrute
"Jim couldn’t land me in a thousand years." - Dwight Schrute
"I wonder if king-sized sheets are called presidential-sized in England." - Dwight Schrute
"I really should have a Tweeter account." - Dwight Schrute
"Ah, humor. I have it, too." - Dwight Schrute
"I hope the war goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted. I’m sorry, only part of me meant that. He’d probably end up a hero there, anyway." - Dwight Schrute
"Get a friend, loser." - Dwight Schrute
"I don’t care what Jim says. This is NOT the real Ben Franklin. I am 99.9 percent sure." - Dwight Schrute
"What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany’s at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It’s priceless. As I’m taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It’s her father’s business. She’s Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come, and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don’t trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son, and he’s the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She’s been waiting for me all these years. She’s never taken another lover. I don’t care. I don’t show up. I go to Berlin. That’s where I stashed the chandelier." - Dwight Schrute
"Yes, I have acted before. I was in a production of Oklahoma! In the seventh grade. I played the part of Mutey the Mailman. They had too many kids, so they made up roles like that. I was good." - Dwight Schrute
"Listen up, Flenderson, you’re being weak and ineffectual. I’m cowboying this meeting, OK! Here are the new rules, OK? Earth tones only. Also, women are forbidden to wear pants." - Dwight Schrute
"When held over heat, the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately. Do not ask me where I got the invisible ink. Urine. It was urine." - Dwight Schrute
"Yes, I am taking Andy hunting after work. Not long ago we were sexual competitors. I used to hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him. I studied him, to figure out why I hated him so much. But that blossomed into a very real friendship, as these things often do." - Dwight Schrute
"Oh, you know that line on the top of the shrimp? That’s feces." - Dwight Schrute
"There was a terrible war, ugh, so many died. Far too many died. But if Frodo hadn’t destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have died." - Dwight Schrute
"Michael always says, ‘K-I-S-S: keep it simple, stupid.’ Great advice. Hurts my feelings every time." - Dwight Schrute
"Five minutes ahead of schedule… right on schedule." - Dwight Schrute
"Can’t a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they’ll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Jeez. When did everyone get so cynical?" - Dwight Schrute
"You know, I really would’ve appreciated a heads up that you were into dating mothers. I would’ve introduced you to mine." - Dwight Schrute
"Schrute Farms is very easy to find. It’s right in the middle of the root vegetable district. If the soil starts to get acidic, you’ve gone too far." - Dwight Schrute
"All that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murders." - Dwight Schrute
"I always knew I would be destroyed by my own creation, but honestly, I thought it would be that bull that Mose and I are trying to reanimate." - Dwight Schrute
"Do I have a date for Valentine’s Day? Yes. February 14th." - Dwight Schrute
"Today, smoking is going to save lives." - Dwight Schrute
"If I were buying my coffin, I would get one with thicker walls so you couldn’t hear the other dead people." - Dwight Schrute
"Schrutes don’t celebrate birthdays, idiot. It started as a depression-era practicality and then, moved on to an awesome tradition that I look forward to every year!" - Dwight Schrute
"It’s not effeminate. It’s festive." - Dwight Schrute
"I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?" - Dwight Schrute
"I studied him, to figure out why I hated him so much. But that blossomed into a very real friendship, as these things often do." - Dwight Schrute
"I wonder if king-sized sheets are called presidential-sized in England?" - Dwight Schrute
"I am fast. To give you a reference point, I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… and a panther." - Dwight Schrute
"Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?" - Dwight Schrute
"I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat, couple of pigs watching." - Dwight Schrute
"Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will." - Dwight Schrute
"As a farmer, I know that when an animal is sick, sometimes the right thing to do is put it out of its misery. With the electricity we are using to keep Meredith alive, we could power a small fan for two days. You tell me what’s unethical." - Dwight Schrute
"In an ideal world, I would have all 10 fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching." - Dwight Schrute
"Welcome to the Hotel Hell. Check-in time is now. Check-out time is never." - Dwight Schrute
"Bears are more afraid of you than you are of them? You obviously aren’t scared enough." - Dwight Schrute
"Love is all you need? False, you need water and rations." - Dwight Schrute
"The principle is sound. To avoid illness, expose yourself to germs, enabling your immune system to develop antibodies. I don’t know why everyone doesn’t do this… maybe they have something against living forever." - Dwight Schrute
"OK. When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher could ever copy." - Dwight Schrute
"Babies are one of my many areas of expertise. Growing up, I performed my own circumcision." - Dwight Schrute
"Twelve hundred dollars is what I spent on my whole bomb shelter. For that kind of money, this stroller, should be indestructible." - Dwight Schrute
"Hold me! Cradle my hand!" - Dwight Schrute
"I’m screaming! I’m screaming! I’m screaming! Aah! Numb me up! I want anesthesia!" - Dwight Schrute
"Sasquatches are the strongest animal on the planet, so fine call me a Sasquatch!" - Dwight Schrute
"A hero kills people, people that wish him harm. A hero is part human and part supernatural. A hero is born out of a childhood trauma, or out of a disaster, that must be avenged." - Dwight Schrute
"Will I get over it? Mmm. No. But life goes on." - Dwight Schrute
"Jim is my enemy. But it turns out that Jim is also his own worst enemy. And the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So, Jim is actually my friend. But because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy so, actually, Jim is my enemy." - Dwight Schrute
"You only live once? False. You live every day. You only die once." - Dwight Schrute
"He’s gone. I miss him so much. Oh, I cry myself to sleep, Jim. False. I do not miss him." - Dwight Schrute
"The dictionary defines superlative as: of the highest kind, quality, or order, surpassing all else, or others; supreme. That’s great. If I wanted the dictionary definition, I’d buy a dictionary. I define it as Dwight Schrute. As a sales executive, as a leader, as a man, and as a friend, he is of the highest kind, quality, and order; supreme." - Dwight Schrute
"That’s cool. Hey, you know what’s even cooler than triceratops? Every other dinosaur that ever existed." - Dwight Schrute
"You’re a perfectly fine toilet. I’m just an extraordinary piece of crap." - Dwight Schrute
"No, Peg" - Al Bundy
"Let's rock." - Al Bundy
"Go away, Peg." - Al Bundy
"A fat woman came to the shoestore today..." - Al Bundy
"I'm the only guy in the world who has to wake up to have a nightmare." - Al Bundy
"A man's home is his coffin." - Al Bundy
"Women" - can't live with them.... The End."
"Women" - can't live with them, can't herd them all to Canada."
"WOMEN" - can't live with them...can't kill them"
"Entertainment for the cave man was simple: Man kills food, woman burns it, giant pterodactyl swoops down, chases woman, woman falls in mud. A good laugh is had by all." - Al Bundy
"Peg, I suspect your mind, much like the lost continent of Atlantis, no longer appears on any map." - Al Bundy
"I hate life, life hates me." - Al Bundy
"I'm so upset I can hardly eat this sandwich! (He says so but eats the sandwich anyway)" - Al Bundy
"I'm so hungry I could eat a vegetable!" - Al Bundy
"I feel so good--I'm almost happy." - Al Bundy
"Am I truly nothing? Could the neighborhood children be right?" - Al Bundy
"Now wait a second. My pretty teenage daughter--with the brain of a fruit-fly--earned a thousand dollars in three nights... should I be worried?" - Al Bundy
"The only power I sensed was that of the mighty forces unleashed by beans!" - Al Bundy
"Ok, here's another idea. Let's toss this in the oven and see if it bakes. There's a shoe-salesman in the 23rd century. It's called Shoe Trek." - Al Bundy
"Peg, you can stab me with knives, you can beat me with clubs, you can make me open my eyes when we're having sex, but there's no way on earth you can make me get a second job." - Al Bundy
"The opera isn't over until the last heterosexual falls asleep." - Al Bundy
"The last thing a guy wants to look at at the end of the day is a woman." - Al Bundy
"How about if I get my gun and shoot you with a nice silver bullet?" - Al Bundy
"Back then mother meant cooking but then, gay meant happy." - Al Bundy
"Why doesn't the world die?" - Al Bundy
"I was driving home, God knows why..." - Al Bundy
"I hate my life. Can't eat, can't sleep, can't bury the wife in the backyard." - Al Bundy
"Peg, feed me, or feed me TO something: I just want to be part of the food chain. " - Al Bundy
"It's only cheating if you get caught." - Al Bundy
"Sure selling shoes is fun. But behind the glamour, it's like any other minimum wage slow death." - Al Bundy
"Damn, does my life suck!" - Al Bundy
"But Peg, we've been married for seventeen years" - can't we just be friends?"
"Sorry, Peg, I didn't hear you. I was thinking of killing myself." - Al Bundy
"Peg, can you explain to her the difference between expend and earning? Who I am asking to, of course you can't !" - Al Bundy
"You think I'm a loser? Because I have a stinking job that I hate, a family that doesn't respect me, and a whole city that curses the day I was born? Well, that may mean loser to you, but let me tell you something. Every day when I wake up in the morning, I know it's not going to get any better until I go back to sleep. So I get up. I have my watered-down Tang and my still-frozen Pop Tart. I get in my car with no gas, no upholstery, and six more payments. I fight honking traffic just for the privilege of putting cheap shoes onto the cloven hooves of people like you. I'll never play football like I wanted to. I'll never know the touch of a beautiful woman. And I'll never know the joy of driving through the city without a bag over my head. But I'm not a loser. Because, despite it all, me and every other guy who'll never be what they wanted to be, is out there, being what we don't want to be, forty hours a week, for life. And the fact that I haven't put a gun in my mouth, you pudding of a woman, makes me a winner!" - Al Bundy
"Home sweet hell." - Al Bundy
"Just say no to marriage" - Al Bundy
"Why is nice bad? What kind of a sick society are we living in when nice is bad?" - George Costanza
"I love a good nap. Sometimes it’s the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning." - George Costanza
"There is no bigger loser than me!" - George Costanza
"You know I always wanted to pretend I was an architect." - George Costanza
"Borrowing money from a friend is like having sex. It just completely changes the relationship." - George Costanza
"When you look annoyed all the time, people think that you’re busy." - George Costanza
"This woman hates me so much, I’m starting to like her." - George Costanza
"If you can’t say something bad about a relationship you shouldn’t say anything at all." - George Costanza
"The sea was angry that day, my friends, like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli..." - George Costanza
"I lie every second of the day. My whole life is a sham." - George Costanza
"I don’t think I’ve ever been to an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up." - George Costanza
"You should’ve seen her face. It was the exact same look my father gave me when I told him I wanted to be a ventriloquist." - George Costanza
"Jerry, just remember, it’s not a lie if you believe it." - George Costanza
"If it wasn’t for the toilet, there would be no books." - George Costanza
"Well, the jerk store called, they’re running out of you." - George Costanza
"I don’t trust men in capes." - George Costanza
"If she can’t find me, she can’t break up with me." - George Costanza
"I’m never gonna have a child. If I lose this Frogger high score, that’s it for me." - George Costanza
"I come from a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter. I was raised to fail." - George Costanza
"Instead of doing a wash, I just keep buying underwear. My goal is to have over 360 pair. That way I only have to do a wash once a year." - George Costanza
"What’s so great about a mom and pop store? Let me tell you something, if my mom and pop ran a store I wouldn’t shop there." - George Costanza
"(To Jerry): Would it kill you not to be so funny all the time? That’s all I’m askin’. This woman thinks I’m very funny and now you’re gonna be funny, so what am I gonna be? I’m gonna be a short bald guy with glasses who suddenly doesn’t seem so funny." - George Costanza
"If I owned a company, my employees would love me. They’d have huge pictures of me up the walls and in their home, like Lenin." - George Costanza
"Look, you don’t understand. There was shrinkage." - George Costanza
"It’s after six. What am I, a farmer?" - Jack Donaghy
"I never sleep on planes. I don’t want to get incepted." - Jack Donaghy
"There are no bad ideas, Lemon. Only good ideas that go horribly wrong." - Jack Donaghy
"Human empathy. It’s as useless as the Winter Olympics." - Jack Donaghy
"I do admire Wonka. He’s a true capitalist. His factory has zero government regulation, slave labor, and an indoor boat. Wonderful." - Jack Donaghy
"Lemon, what happened in your childhood to make you believe people are good?" - Jack Donaghy
"Well, it’s business drunk. It’s like rich drunk. Either way, it’s legal to drive." - Jack Donaghy
"Never go with a hippie to a second location." - Jack Donaghy
"Lemon, the grown-up dating world is like your haircut. Sometimes, awkward triangles occur." - Jack Donaghy
"It’s the ultimate game. Jack Donaghy, playing with himself... it’s a Jack-Off." - Jack Donaghy
"Ambition is the willingness to kill the things you love and eat them in order to stay alive. Haven’t you ever read my throw pillow?" - Jack Donaghy
"We all have ways of coping. I use sex and awesomeness." - Jack Donaghy
"How gay, Banks? On a scale from bear hunting to hunting bears." - Jack Donaghy
"The ocean is awesome and for winners. You’re for tools!" - Jack Donaghy